disruptor, style edits (#950)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/40 xk6-disruptor/03 Examples/01 Inject HTTP faults into Pod.md

<Blockquote mod="note">

> The test uses the `delay` endpoint which, returns after the requested delay.

Author: ```suggestion
The test uses the `delay` endpoint, which returns after the requested delay.
```

## Test setup

> To run these tests, you need to deploy the `httpbin` application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this test, you need to deploy the `httpbin` application.
```
